You know the procedure let's first see what we're going to build and the section this is the app we
are going to build.
And since it will mainly be about using native device Futurist it of course runs on my native device
here.
I'm mirroring the screen.
It's the awesome places.
And as the name indicates we can add awesome places.
So let's add one here we are.
Now we could start by giving those title like let's say my home since I'm well sitting at home and this
will be awesome place I can say something about right now.
It a short description.
It's awesome Of course so.
Let's quickly notice here that it is awesome.
And more importantly let's now pick a location.
Now I could locate myself here using geolocation and fetching my current location but I don't really
want to do it as here because I don't really want to show where I live right.
So instead I'm going to pick select on map which will open Google Maps and this is centered somewhere
in New York City.
I would live there but I think we have a lot of awesome places there.
So let's pick any place by tapping there confirming this is our awesome place.
And now let's also take a picture now.
This will be my actual camera.
And now do you see how many others as you can see the picture in the picture and the picture and so
on.
So let's now take this awesome picture here.
Looks good to me.
Let's use that photo.
Here we are.
So now this awesome place is stored down there.
My screen and well the Google Maps part here.
And now if that I can add this place so seems like it worked.
Let's go back and hear my all someplace else on this nice card on the homescreen and we can tap it to
see the information and then we reclosed the model or if we wish to do so to simply delete it.
This is the app we're going to build.
It doesn't have super many pages.
It's less about the pages and the styling.
We already worked on this a lot in the last apps in this app I really want to focus on using those native
device features like the camera like the location.
And also you might not have noticed this but also on how to store things how to store this image on
our device for example and also how to store the places on our device so that if we were to close this
app and reopen it that they are still there.
And just to demonstrate this data persistency I added the number place and now I'm going to kill my
app and restart it.
And guess what the place is still there and the image is also still there.
So somehow both are stored on my device and this is what I'm talking about.
This is what will also cover so if dead.
Let's dive into building this app in the next lecture.